Feature/1188/Set rloc as default destribution metric, else unary (#1469)
MaibornWolff/codecharta: CHANGELOG.md

       `!foobar`. That will match any file that does not match `*foobar*`. It is
       only possible to invert the complete input, not individual search entries.
    1. Whitespace handling changed to ignore leading whitespace.

> -   Distribution metric #1188
>     1. set rloc to default distribution metric, showing language percentages for real lines of code, if available. Else set to unary to show language distribution over files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Defined file language distribution metric default #1188
    - The file language distribution metric is set to `rloc` (real lines of code) by default. If not present, fall back to `loc` (lines of code) or `unary` (number of files).
```
